On run, player is shown a basic title screen(?) Press space to start. (or perhaps with a Play, Create Character and/or Settings button)

Then there's a menu screen where player chooses between versus (2 players) or singleplayer (survival)

Then the player chooses their Photo Dojo character! (or go back and create one because the menu is locked... but I don't know how feasible that is)

Object oriented programming will be used amass in this game, for anything interacting on the 2D field (what I like to call the 'Object' class)
For instance, Fighters and Hitboxes (like my Dino game) will inherit from this 'Object' class.
I will take advantage of using classes to reduce code length and increase efficiency when possible.

FIGHTER MOVES

Walking - self explanatory
    x velocity is parallel to the direction the player wishes to move
Crouching - useful for avoiding attacks, but can't move forward or backward
    halt x velocity, shrink hitbox to sprite
Jumping - useful for avoiding attacks, drop kicking and looking cool
    increase y velocity, steadily decrease that by a gravity constant, needs to be floaty

For the following, hitboxes need to have a versatile implementation. I need to be in control of everything.

Punching - basic punch with decent range, can be dodged by crouching
Kicking - strong kick with less range, works in the air
Fireball - pew! projectile attack with small damage, can be dodged by crouching
Signature/Special - a move tied to a fighter's type (such as a Kung Fu kick if the fighter is a Kung Fu Master)
Desperation - the strongest move only usable a single time once a Fighter gets to low health (also tied to the fighter type)

SINGLEPLAYER | SURVIVAL MODE

Player starts and scrolls a screen by running off to the right which reveals enemies
The goal is for the player to defeat 100 enemies.

The enemies can either punch, kick or shoot fireballs!
Some may even be tiny (but run fast), or some may even be giant!

MULTIPLAYER | VERSUS MODE

Two players can play in this mode! One uses WASD and R, the other uses IJKL and P.
Essentially a classic street fighter battle, whoever defeats the other wins!
All moves are available; leading to a chaotic but fun match

CONTROLLERS

Take in a bunch of keycodes, bind them to actions... for anything... under a keyclass/type

Bind Class

binds -> Bind { 
                type = "jump" 
                key = # 
                action = function (or undefined)
            }

CAMERA

Hide a video frame streaming from the web cam of the user's device (if exists), behind the canvas and stream it *into* the canvas, wherever desired.
For photos, simply grab a still frame (src of vid?) on input, and play a fancy noise... if we want.
If user does not have a web cam, don't worry, that's fine. We will add a indicator for it later, and will always prompt the user before using the camera.
Photos for fighters and backgrounds, etc. will be stored in localStorage as per everything else. 